{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
{\info
{\author Microsoft Office User}}\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20560\viewh21860\viewkind1\viewscale110
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Condition-specific foraging experiment instructions\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 Cost 3 (all costs per participant)\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 	In this experiment, you will be faced with a set of trials that will give you different amounts of money if completed (these can be either 4, 8, or 20 cents). Your job is to get as much money as you can. On each trial you will earn the rewards if you complete different demands. These could be: pressing a hand grip, responding to a set of cognitive tasks, or passively waiting. All of these tasks will last 10 seconds, and we call this length of time the \'91handling time\'92. Your objective on each trial is to decide whether to work or wait for the reward during the handling time, or quit and wait 6 seconds to start a different trial (this is called the \'93travel time\'94). You can quit a trial at any point by letting go of the hand grip or pressing the space bar. You will know the amount of points that you can get before each trial starts, but keep in mind that if you quit, you give up this reward.\
	Trials are organized in six 7 minute blocks, so the experiment should last around 42 minutes. Trials will keep on coming during those 7 minutes, so you can\'92t make the block go by faster by quitting every trial. This also means that you have to think carefully about how to make the most amount of money (tip: accepting everything will not give you the most). Each block will contain either physical and wait trials, or cognitive and wait trials (meaning that you will never find cognitive and physical trials during the same block). The computer will tell you at the beginning of each block what the trial combination will be. Between blocks, you will face a trial that asks you to press the space bar. It is very important that you press it in under 3 seconds! This is our way of checking that you\'92re paying attention. You do get a break in the middle if you decide to take it. Remember, your task is to get as much money as you can by deciding whether it\'92s more efficient to stay or quit on each trial. You get $12 just for showing up today, and every offer you accept and work for is actual money added to this amount.\
	Before you start, we are going to go through a quick practice session to make sure the task is clear. Feel free to ask any questions at any point.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 -	
\f0\b At this point, run \'91tasks_practice.py.\'92 Each task will run indefinitely until you press \'91enter\'92 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0 -	
\f0\b Instructions: 
\f1\b0 First, I\'92m going to show you what each cognitive task is all about. You will just need the left and right arrow keys to respond.
\f0\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1800\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1
\f2\b0 \cf0 o	
\f0\b Stroop:
\f1\b0  Color names will appear on the screen, each painted in different colors. You will see 2 colored spheres underneath each word. Your job is to indicate what the color of the word is, not the word itself. 
\f0\b (Start practice).\
\ls1\ilvl1
\f2\b0 o	
\f0\b Flanker:
\f1\b0  You will see different amounts of arrowheads pointing either left or right. Your job is to indicate where the central arrow is pointing. 
\f0\b (Start practice).\
\ls1\ilvl1
\f2\b0 o	
\f0\b Dots: 
\f1\b0 Here you will see many dots moving. Some of these dots will move randomly on any direction, but others will move horizontally either left or right. Your job is to indicate the direction of these coherent dots.\
\
\ls1\ilvl1
\f0\b Once the cognitive tasks are over, tell them that these tasks will appear a lot faster during the actual experiment, and that if they miss or get 2 wrong they will be forced to quit the trial and lose the offer.
\f1\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 -	
\f0\b Now run \'91cost3_practice.py\'92 and show them the grip (and how to hold it): 
\f1\b0 We practiced what you will do during cognitive trials. For physical trials, you will see a meter with an arrow that will move based on how strongly you hold onto this hand grip. The meter will also have a white line. To earn the reward you have to keep the arrow to the right of the white line, otherwise you will be forced to quit the trial and lose the offer.  \
-	
\f0\b Instructions:
\f1\b0  Before we start the practice session, here\'92s a quick summary: I will show you a combination of trial types, and on each trial you will decide whether to work during the handling time to get the reward, or to quit to travel to a different trial with a different reward. What you will see here is what the actual experiment will be like. Questions?\
-	Once practice is done, 
\f0\b run \'91cost3_foraging.py\'92
\f1\b0 \
-	
\f0\b Instructions: 
\f1\b0 First, we need to calibrate how much force you will be required to exert during the experiment. When the screen says \'91Grip!\'92, press the bar as hard as you can. You can relax when the screen says \'91Relax\'92.\
\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b At this point it\'92s useful to answer any questions they might have, give them the short summary again, and remind them of the between-block trials.
\f1\b0 \
}